# Combat Management System Simulation

RCE is a distributed, workflow-based integration environment. Engineers and scientists use it to design and simulate complex systems (e.g., aircraft, ships, or satellites). The CLARITY project consists in developing and structuring an ecosystem of major actors centered on the open-source model-based systems engineering solution Capella and its extensions. Scilab/Xcos is one of them. The domain of naval Combat Management Systems is characterized by a huge variety of underlying computing platforms. A standard-based interface to common TACtical SITuation (TACSIT) services and standards-based alert management services are essential for interoperable and open systems. This specification is a standard for ALert MAnagement Service (ALMAS) in CMS systems. The OARIS specification facilitates information exchange between the external environment and the command team, by defining a layered subsystem to the CMS interface. United Architecture Framework (UAF): Assists in development of architectural descriptions in commercial industry firms, federal government agencies and defense organizations. ODIN aims to become an Open Source alternative to industry-led commercial Command and Control Information Systems. Libcanard is a compact implementation of the Cyphal/CAN protocol stack in C99/C11 for high-integrity real-time embedded systems. Protocol for composing Distributed DEVS Models Across different Simulation Frameworks. GAMA is an easy-to-use open source modeling and simulation environment for creating spatially explicit agent-based simulations. OpenMAS streamlines asynchronous Multi-Agent System (MAS) development in Python. Mininet emulates a complete network of hosts, links, and switches on a single machine. Ryu is a component-based software defined networking framework. Floodlight is designed to work with the growing number of switches, routers, virtual switches, and access points that support the OpenFlow standard. ONOS : Open Network Operating System